People understood there was no tale about 1 to 20
from 21
we will go
further frame need to impose something
already this beginning the night was dark yes yes
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
ambushes Russians vyushe understanding
dancing on
a and
but today the strongest will survive
but the dog where did mr understand life
tens of kilometers with a dense mash
insidious rutting and former hay
land now speed plots 120
enrolled
and 50 of them are merged before the start of seven
dozens of protocol ATVs
heavy rain from morning till night and again
until morning
moving creatures are dry action such
Before us appeared sergin Ska Yarema
today lid i think today
dirt and must pay all to everyone
successful rate share 6 Fedotov Alexander
tool for traveler for
athlete for scotch shaped same
fix the cap so that the glass is not
filed by itself and everything will be possible
throw the number live but all the money on
the route took off who on glittery who on
belly in one helmet with an interval of 30 seconds
someone in a sports frenzy
and thirsty to get the coveted at the finish
balloon winner is a collection of someone with
aim to be noted on spa treatments
the slower the faster Schumacher said
I
but
avoid hurrying away from different remember
the rules are quiet
even up to
Well
until the first starters aggravate
Sergiev rut allow ourselves
lyrical digression many of ours
viewers had a deceptive opinion about
quad bike them to how rude cynical
Entities we will not deny this fact
but let them remind everyone that
medals have two sides and here
evidence
this beautiful forest he worries the soul
inspires you to fight for the pursuit
other quad bikes
to at this time listen to the river rustle
rain and smell the forest is very
good nature
I love every barrel right
courage happiness and happiness quadro cyclist
and what is not for the keel, and then treason
ambush
morality
ripped
one
know cards
May
Reale of Sukkot
So
athletes piled on
the tourists themselves guess mud a lot
the dust did not want him the recipient
dirty
you like her
just a photo of this dirt and weather
Rahmani let you down a lot
all of course the dirty eyes of romance
admired
local landmark
snowdrops weather unfortunately not
sunny sun they reveal
very beautiful and everything was for everyone
in its own way but good
and
on nerves
to the site and he was
in general, the fate of seven dozen pilots
It happened oh, how differently someone had
fly the track in an hour and a half and
seize such a cup of others
evacuated in the evening with a diagnosis but all
equally dirty returned to base
camp
once a good phrase turned over
Lierse
but so fun
very many have gone the distance but immediately
just awesome call me on me
arrived on the highway today
this is the result that can be with you
the guys were very cool and cool
general dude zone under load of my
glory .
I love tumbling very much
tumble today again
tumbled
We rolled well fed belt
the track is very insidious that is, I do not
I expected that there will be so much shit
the more pleasant it is to announce the results of the rem and
2015 which for the team azimuth 66
turned two second prize in
different classes
with you was one of 6 kissing in bows